doc: fix typo requestOptions (#286)
fastify/fastify-reply-from: README.md

    sessionOptions: { // HTTP/2 session connect options, pass in any options from https://nodejs.org/api/http2.html#http2_http2_connect_authority_options_listener
      rejectUnauthorized: true
    },

>     requestOptions: { // HTTP/2 request options, pass in any options from https://nodejs.org/api/http2.html#http2_clienthttp2session_request_headers_options

Reviewer: The link seems broken too

```suggestion
    requestOptions: { // HTTP/2 request options, pass in any options from https://nodejs.org/api/http2.html#clienthttp2sessionrequestheaders-options
```
